Add kubevela and emissary-ingress files (#102)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/emissary-ingress.md

---
name: Emissary-Ingress
category: API Gateway

> description: It is an open source Kubernetes-native API gateway for microservices built on the Envoy Proxy.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Emissary-Ingress is an open-source Kubernetes-native API gateway for microservices built on the Envoy Proxy.
```

download_url:
works_on_arm: false
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number:
    release_date:

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://www.getambassador.io/products/api-gateway
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs:
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: There are no ARM64 specific binaries or release notes. Build from source fails on the ARM64 platform. An  [issue](https://github.com/emissary-ingress/emissary/issues/2121) is already raised regarding the same. 

Author: Please check if there is an extra space between "An  [issue]".
